docs: Add frontmatter to `standards/*` pages (#23095)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/standards/wallet-standard.mdx

---
title: Wallet Standard

> description: The wallet standard defines how wallets can automatically be discovered and interacted with from dApps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The wallet standard defines how dApps can automatically discover and interact with wallets.
```
